Bluetooth: Mesh: Hue wrap around behavior (#12152)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/bluetooth_services/mesh/light_hue_srv.rst

The Light Hue Server adds a single model instance to the composition data, in addition to the extended :ref:`bt_mesh_lvl_srv_readme`.
Although the Light Hue Server contains ``range`` and ``default`` states like other lighting models, the states cannot be accessed directly by other nodes without a :ref:`bt_mesh_light_hsl_srv_readme`.

The Hue Server model's Hue state has special rules about wrap around behavior which needs to be considered when writing the application.

> Unlike the other Lightness models, the Hue state's change structure :c:struct:`bt_mesh_light_hue` has additional field, :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction`, which tells whether the current Hue state should increase or decrease in order to reach the target value, when the Hue state transition is not instantaneous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the other Lightness models, the Hue state's change structure :c:struct:`bt_mesh_light_hue` has an additional field :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction`.
This field tells whether the current Hue state should increase or decrease in order to reach the target value, when the Hue state transition is not instantaneous.
```

> Unlike the other Lightness models, the Hue state's change structure :c:struct:`bt_mesh_light_hue` has additional field, :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction`, which tells whether the current Hue state should increase or decrease in order to reach the target value, when the Hue state transition is not instantaneous.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Unlike the other Lightness models, the Hue state change structure :c:struct:`bt_mesh_light_hue` has the additional field, :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction`, The direction tells whether the current Hue state should increase or decrease in order to reach the target value, and applies when the Hue state transition is not instantaneous.
```

When the Hue state is not limited by the Hue Range state (the minimum value of the Hue range is ``0`` and the maximum value is ``65535``), the Hue state can wrap around.

> This, for example, can happen when the target value is less than the current one, but the Hue state should increment as claimed by the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As an example, this can happen when the target value is less than the current one, but the Hue state should increment as claimed by the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction` field.
```

> When the Hue state is not limited by the Hue Range state (the minimum value of the Hue range is ``0`` and the maximum value is ``65535``), the Hue state can wrap around.
> This, for example, can happen when the target value is less than the current one, but the Hue state should increment as claimed by the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction` field.
> This is because the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction` field points to the shortest path towards the target value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Hue state is not limited by the Hue Range state (the minimum value of the hue range is ``0`` and the maximum value is ``65535``), the Hue state can wrap around.
This, for example, can happen when the target value is lower than the current one, but the Hue state should increment as claimed by the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction` field.
This is because the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction` field points to the shortest path towards the target value.
```

Reviewer: Also add blank lines before and after this paragraph (to split the text up a bit).

The Hue state also wraps around when the minimum value of the Hue state is greater than the maximum value.
In this case, the state wraps around when the value reaches the end of the type range.
This happens because the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.direction` field points to the direction of the allowed range of the Hue state values.

When the application gets a call to the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue_srv_handlers.set` callback, the transition always stops at the target value represented by the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue.lvl` field.
But, if the application gets a call to the :c:member:`bt_mesh_light_hue_srv_handlers.move_set` callback, it must start a continuous transition of the Hue state in the direction and rate determined by the :c:struct:`bt_mesh_light_hue_move` structure.

> This move transition continues until the Hue Server receives a new ``set`` or ``move_set`` message, or the device reboots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This move transition continues until the Light Hue Server receives a new ``set`` or ``move_set`` message, or the device reboots.
```

> States

Reviewer: Hue Server -> Light Hue Server
in the note further down.
Not sure if there are more, I don't see them at least :)
